l7 policy: add possibility to configure Envoy proxy xff-num-trusted-hops (#32200)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/envoy-traffic-management.rst

now includes flows ``to-proxy``, and also shows the HTTP protocol information at
level 7 (for example ``HTTP/1.1 GET http://echo-service-1:8080/``)

> .. Note::
> 
>     Note that Envoy will potentially `sanitize some headers <https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_conn_man/header_sanitizing#http-header-sanitizing>`_.
> 
>     It's possible to trust previous hops with the Helm values ``envoy.xffNumTrustedHopsL7PolicyIngress`` & ``envoy.xffNumTrustedHopsL7PolicyEgress`` and prevent Envoy from rewriting some of these HTTP headers.
> 
>     For an egress policy the previous hop is the source pod, whereas for an ingress policy it can be either the source pod, the “egress policy transparent proxy”, Cilium Ingress Controller, Cilium Gateway API, any other Ingress proxy or infrastructure.
> 
>     Depending on the environment, users should consider the security implications of trusting previous hops themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Note::

    Note that Envoy may `sanitize some headers <https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_conn_man/header_sanitizing#http-header-sanitizing>`_.

    Instead, you can make Envoy trust previous hops and prevent Envoy from rewriting some of these HTTP headers. Trust previous hops by setting Helm values ``envoy.xffNumTrustedHopsL7PolicyIngress`` and ``envoy.xffNumTrustedHopsL7PolicyEgress``  to the number of hops to trust.

    For an egress policy the previous hop is the source pod, whereas for an ingress policy it can be either the source pod, the "egress policy transparent proxy", Cilium Ingress Controller, Cilium Gateway API, or any other Ingress proxy or infrastructure.

    Depending on your environment, you should consider the security implications of trusting previous hops.
```

And please wrap your text on ~80-char-wide lines.

Author: thanks - changed.

> And please wrap your text on ~80-char-wide lines.

:heavy_check_mark:
